[MUSIC]
>> Brian: So I'm gonna give you one more
aside about class versus create class.
Notice that we didn't have to do any
binding here like this .handle search
term and then the this here is the correct
context that refers to search.
That's free in react.createclass because
they do what's auto binding for you.
Basically they go through and bind all of
your methods to have the search, right,
whatever the component is as the context,
so that whenever you call
this inside of the method, it just
automatically gets the right context.
The class syntax does not do that for you,
you actually have to explicitly bind it.
So if I was to rewrite this in terms
of like the create class space so
if I said class search
extends react.component,
what you're going to end up seeing a lot
of is here in the constructor props.
First of all you have to call
super props because you have
to pass it up to the react component
that's just the way that is.
But then you have to say
like this.handle search for
event equals this.handle
search term event.bind this.
And you do that for
every single method that you create
inside of your react component.
It's just a little annoying, right?
Because this binding is
always the same right and
it was nice here in the create class
that we didn't have to do that.
So anyway, that's just the way it is.
[LAUGH] Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Is there some benefit
to using the class syntax?
Because that looks awful.
>> Brian: [LAUGH] I think the benefit
here is that react is trying to
be as unobtrusive as possible
to draw within the lines of JavaScript,
right.
And rather than create a class,
we're literally, there's a class construct
inside of JavaScript and yet we are
creating our own way of creating classes.
So we're kind of drawing outside
the lines of JavaScript and so
their idea with the class is like
let's be as JavaScript-y as possible.
That's the basic gist.
There's more work to
doing it the class way.
I do it both ways you can mix and
match too.
There's no, like one app doesn't
have to have just one right.
We're already mixing matching create class
and stateless functional components so
yeah whatever works for you.
Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: Someone noticed when we
broke the initially,
when we broke the input to
the counselor was seeing that they
recommend using default value.
When would that be useful?
>> Brian: Yeah,
so there's a concept of
tracked vs untracked inputs.
So if I don't, let's just recreate
what the person's seeing.
if I take off this On Change event.
It's gonna yell at me cuz I have,
whatever I don't care.
Refresh and it's going to yell at me
in the consuls as you give a value and
when you give it a value it's like locked
at that point without an On Change.
So what they're saying is like what
you can do instead is say default
value and now if I refresh it.
Its gonna, now it actually works but
like nothing inside of react is
actually tracking that, right?
So that's the trade off
you're making here.
So if you don't actually care
about the input of that value or
the value of that input which I'm not sure
why you would ever have that situation
that you can do that.
IE, you're always going to do it this way,
that you're going to have a value and
an on change.
I guess the place that you
might not use that is if you're
integrating with a jQuery library or
something like that maybe, and
you're passing something in and then
you're waiting for responses back from it.
But that would be pretty exceptional
that you're in usually not to do that.
IE i like I've never had to do
that personally.
>> Speaker 3: And
then somebody else asked, they're seeing a
lot more usage of class than create class,
how does Netflix approach it?
>> Brian: We
have we have mixed and matched.
It's whatever the engineer
feels like doing that day.
It's mostly create class, however,
I'm told that Facebook it's
almost all class so, up to you.
The idea is that they were they were
going to deprecate create class and
there was just great riots and
people died and stuff like that.
Just kidding I don't know.
But a lot of people prefer create class.
I think it's an easier thing to teach
because you have to worry about context.
It just works.
But that's up to you
whatever you feel like
doing.
>> Speaker 3: What about using decorators
like core decorators?
>> Brian: They're awesome.
And I really don't want
to talk about them.
Definitely an advanced use case.
>> Speaker 3: And then are you
a fan of the ES7 syntax for .bind this?
>> Brian: The colon colon one?
Is that the one they're talking about?
>> Speaker 3: Yes, sorry, yes.
>> Brian: One, it's not ES7.
ES7's already shipped and does not
contain colon colon, so it's ES future.
It's interesting.
I'm not opposed to it.
Now you're gonna ask me what it is and
I can't,
I don't remember off the top of
my head exactly how to do it.
And I think the basic gist of it is like.
>> Brian: Excuse me.
Is I call a method like the stop method,
correct me if I'm wrong.
Like colon colon search right?
And I'm providing it
the context to call it with.
I've got to remember.
That might not be right either, but
it's basically a way of
dynamically modifying the context.
And the other reason I don't
want to talk about decorators,
like it's a good question and there's,
they are really interesting, but
they're like stage zero or stage one
in terms of making it into JavaScript.
And thus, they may make it in,
they may not make it in, and
it's gonna be a while before we see them.
But the basic idea is like, you can say
like at auth or something like that.
And now maybe like this particular route
would only ever show if it was like
if the person was authorized to see it,
like had credentials to see it.
If you ever worked in Python
you'll see these everywhere.
Those my make it in JavaScript,
I think they're really cool.
But we don't have them yet.
And we're kind of far away from it so
they're experimental features.